Tweak kafka config docs and fix typo (#1366)
gravwell/wiki: ingesters/kafka.md

	Synchronous=true
	Source-Header=SRC #A custom feeder is putting its source IP in the header named "SRC"
	Batch-Size=256 #get up to 256 messages before consuming and pushing

>     # prefer sticky but present sticky and roundrobin as options we support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # this config sets sticky as the preferred strategy but also offers roundrobin
```

I think it is better to avoid "options we support" in the comment. Minor detail, but I don't want to confuse people about whether we (Gravwell) support the `range` option.
